Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-assignment-3
<br>
Question OneQ 1. Assume an organization has the classless address 15.25.16.8/17, then find thefollowing:a) The first addressb) The last addressc) The total number of addressesd) The network addresse) Does the address 15.25.15.127 belongs to this address space?f) Does the address 15.25.128.0 belongs to this address space?Question TwoQ2.a) In an IPv4 packet, the value of HLEN is (1010)2 , and the value of the totallength field is (005A)16. How many bytes of data are being carried by this packet?b) A packet has arrived in which the offset value is 175, the value of HLEN is 10,and the value of the total length field is 100. What are the numbers of the firstbyte and the last byte?LearningOutcome(s):Understand thenotation of theclassless IPv4address.Be able to finddifferentinformation (likefirst address, andrange ofaddresses) from agiven classlessIPv4 address.LearningOutcome(s):To understand theIPv4 datagramformat and thepurpose offragmentation in adatagram.1.2 Marks1.3 MarksPg. 04 Question FourQuestion ThreeQ3. What are the three phases needed in virtual circuit approach? What type ofpackets is used in each phase?LearningOutcome(s):Understand thevirtual circuitapproach ofpacket-switchednetworks.0.5 MarksPg. 04 Question FourQuestion FourQ 4. See the network shown below. The figure consists of four automatous systems(ASs) each running RIP as an internal routing protocol. Moreover, iBGP and eBGPare used as border gateway protocols. AS4 is connected to an external networkcalled “x.”By carefully examining the figure below, answer the following questions:a)Which protocol is used to tell router 1b about network x? iBGP, eBGP, RIP orOSPF?b) Which protocol is used to tell router 2b about network x?c) Which protocol is used to tell router 3b about network x?d)Which protocol is used to tell router 1c about network x?